magento/merchdocs#1130: Describe product editing flow for Requisition List (#1131)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/account-dashboard-requisition-lists-manage.md

   ![]({% link images/images-b2b/requisition-list-print.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Print Requisition List_

### Edit product options

> To edit a product options in the list do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit a product options in the list, do the following:
```

> 1. Go to the product page via the **‘Pencil’** button. (![]({% link images/images/btn-edit.png %})).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Click the _Pencil_  (![]({% link images/images/btn-edit.png %})) icon to open the product page.
```

1. Change any options that are necessary.

> 1. Click **Update Requisition List** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Update Requisition List**.
```

   ![]({% link images/images-b2b/update-requisition-list.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Update Requisition List_

> Product in the Requisition List may be edit if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A product in the Requisition List may be edited if:
```

> 1. Product has **all options set** (in case you have a [configured product]({% link catalog/product-create-configurable.md %}) in the Requisition List).

Reviewer 2: Option is correct regarding to (core logic)[https://github.com/magento/partners-magento2b2b/blob/934c1ebff9f2a3c7389aadd2b30cffe89f33d684/app/code/Magento/RequisitionList/Block/Requisition/View/Item.php#L360].

> 1. Product has **all options set** (in case you have a [configured product]({% link catalog/product-create-configurable.md %}) in the Requisition List).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Product has **all options set** (when it is a [configured product]({% link catalog/product-create-configurable.md %}) in the Requisition List).
```

> 1. Product is **added to this Requisition List**.

Reviewer 2: Option is correct regarding to [core logic](https://github.com/magento/partners-magento2b2b/blob/934c1ebff9f2a3c7389aadd2b30cffe89f33d684/app/code/Magento/RequisitionList/Block/Requisition/View/Item.php#L363).

> 1. Product is [a simple product with options]({% link catalog/settings-advanced-custom-options.md %})

Reviewer 2: Option is correct regarding to [core logic](https://github.com/magento/partners-magento2b2b/blob/934c1ebff9f2a3c7389aadd2b30cffe89f33d684/app/code/Magento/RequisitionList/Model/Checker/ProductChangesAvailability.php#L46).

> 1. Product's type is allowed to edit.

Reviewer 2: Option is correct regarding to (core logic)[https://github.com/magento/partners-magento2b2b/blob/934c1ebff9f2a3c7389aadd2b30cffe89f33d684/app/code/Magento/RequisitionList/etc/di.xml#L32].

> 1. Product's type is allowed to edit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit is allowed for the product type.
```
